Lord Imperial Preceptor
I have already proposed Yu Xiancaiduo
You still want to do it?
If I really killed the wrong person
I am willing to step down as the imperial teacher
You bet your life
I'll bet my future is so fair
Hmph, the donkey's lips are not right
Ouyang Mu, if you are in a hurry, just say it directly
How dare you stop
Lord Imperial Preceptor
Do you want to rebel again?
Ugh!
Zhang Zihao is here to spout blood
bad words
I've never been asked.
Xiaofan, I only used 4 successful forces in the first game
Don't worry, you can add 10% little by little.
I see how long you can last. I'm an adult
Wouldn't it be too cruel?
Cruelty? What is cruelty?
We should let this traitor
Spit blood here
Only so
The heroic spirit of the dragon
To find peace
The doctor returns to heaven
Hidden dragon into the sea
Liu San
Ouyang Nu, you dare to touch my mother
I fought with you
Kill the enemy and save first
Wen, haven't you already locked his power?
How can I still journey